So we just learn about using take latest versus take every versus take let's actually switch our take
every call here over to using take latest because in theory we only want to issue this API call one
time versus firing multiple that might resolve multiple times if take latest ever fires multiple times.
The last one is probably going to get the most up to date data from our database so it's safe to say
using take latest is the best option.
Now one thing that we're going to do next is we're actually going to create what's called a root saga
just like a root reducer.
We're going to make a root saga that issues and calls all of our other sagas.
The reason for this is because inside of our saga middleware run if we wanted to run multiple sagas
or have our saga middleware listening for multiple sagas we have to call dot run individually on every
single saga that we want to be aware of.
So instead what we'll do is we will run all of them at once.
Once the application starts up in one large saga.
So in order for us to do that we are going to make a route saga digest and inside we will import this
new effect caught all and the call effect that we've used before.
Now what we're going to export out is going to be a function that is a generator function called Root
saga and what it does is it yields to this all call which gets an array of generators that we invoke.
Now the saga that we do want to run first will be are
tax collections start
from our shop shops August
and then inside of here we can either invoke it ourselves manually like so or we can just run call like
this.
Again it's preference.
But most people prefer to use the call keyword here just because of practices and we import.
This one saga in two are reducer.
So instead of running this one as we did here we instead now just import in our route saga from Route
saga
and now we'll see our code works the same except whenever we add a new saga that we want to listen for.
We just put it into this array write and call that saga just like we did with root reduces and our producers
let's actually take a look at all.
What is it that all does well all takes an array of sagas.
If we wanted to say render three different sagas imagine we had three sagas.
Typically what we would have to do is we would do this multiple times right.
We would yield these different sagas right.
Imagine the three different sagas we would have to write our code like this but this code is not running
these three individual sagas concurrently.
This next yield is actually waiting for this yield and this saga to resolve with some value or at least
when that saga leaves at some point which gives control back to our roots saga so that it can continue
on to executing the next saga.
We don't want that.
We want all our code to pretty much initialize as soon as possible side by side and that's what all
allows us to do by using the yield all call.
We're able to actually call any number of sagas inside of this array and initialize them all on separate
task streams which is exactly as we learned with take every what we want to do we want to be able to
have individual tasks that only care about the saga that they're looking for right and we want to initialize
them all at once whenever possible and that's why we use the all effect.
But with this we now have set up this pattern that allows us to add all our sagas to this root saga
and not have to worry about adding more and more saga middleware to run calls.